And we are live. Hello everyone. Welcome
to another episode of NFA Live. The
first episode of Q3/H2
2026. That went quickly, didn't it? The
first half of
first half of that year.
>> Time flies when you're having fun,
Marcus sucks.
>> [laughter]
>> Exactly. Exactly. When when you're in a
bear market, it really it really flies
by. Um so yes, I'm joined by Ben.
Welcome, Ben.
>> How's it going?
>> And by Rob. Hello, Rob.
>> Hello, everybody.
>> Good to see you guys again.
And on a day actually, one of the um
one of the questions I was going to ask
you guys was around the fact that
Bitcoin put in a new low recently, but
it's actually come roaring back along
with the rest of the market. We're
currently around 61,000, almost 61,500
dollars.
Which is quite a bounce from I think we
we tested the 57k
range at some point. So
it things are things are looking up.
Let's hope let's hope they'll continue
looking up, but we'll we'll talk about
all of that. I want to ask you guys a
little bit about AI as well.
And I and anything that you've
completely changed your mind on this
year and why. Before we start though,
anyone watching, if you're not already
following Ben and Rob, then there are
links in the description of this video.
Please hit the follow on both of them.
They are well worth it, I promise you.
Um
and yeah, we will we will kick off now.
If you have any questions by the way,
feel free to post them in the comments
and we will try and answer some if we
have
if we have time or if we know the
answers. If we don't know the answers,
then we probably won't try to answer
them. Just FYI.
Keep them keep them straightforward.
Okay.
So, as I said, um, I'm going to throw
this one to Ben mostly because I I I I'm
sure I'm sure Ben will have a view on
this in particular, but so we recently
saw a new um a new sort of cycle low for
Bitcoin when it dipped into the um 57k
range.
Um, it has rebounded quite strongly now
along with the rest of the market. It's
not just confined to Bitcoin and I think
uh this is partly on the back of sort of
weaker jobs data that I think the
nonfarm payrolls have just been
published um early this week because of
uh the 4th of July holiday uh tomorrow
even though tomorrow's not the 4th of
July.
Um,
so my question to you Ben is um
uh where do you think we bottom out and
when? Or have we already bottomed out
perhaps?
>> Well, if you uh throw out my screen,
um
I I think there's a I think there's a
increasing probability here that the
kind of the early summer low is in.
Um,
what's really interesting is is we've
made the comparison between 2026 and
2018 a few times also between 2026 and
like the 2019 era, but what's really
interesting is if you look at the
year-to-date all-time Bitcoin in 2026
compared to 2018, you'll see that the
lows occur in sort of like around the
same time. Like in um you had a low in
February of 2018 and then a low in
February of 2026.
Um, you had a low in
uh a higher low in late March, early
April of 2018, the same thing happened
over here, right? And then you ended up
getting a lower low in late June, early
July of 2018 and now that's potentially
where we are. What's really interesting
is is you guys know how we've been
finding support at like 60k this year
more or less right around 60k. In 2018,
the support we were finding was around
6k, but what's really fascinating is how
in 2018 the low that we found in the
summer, like in the early part of the
summer, was actually around 5,700,
5,743,
and in 2026 the low coincidentally is
57,000, right? So, again, it's just a
10x move higher. So, I I would say
there's a good chance you know, you're
you'll see Bitcoin find a little bit of
relief for a little while. I mean, I I
don't think we're necessarily done with
the bear market yet. I I think that, you
know, we still have that that 200-day
moving average uh that we got to get
through. And And by the way, in 2018, we
got rejected by the 200-day in May, just
like we got rejected in May of of 2026.
And then the next rejection at the
200-day moving average happened in like
late July, early August. So,
I I think there's still a reason to
assume that
there will be some more weakness later
in the year.
Um and the reason for that weakness will
likely be on the back of a correction in
the stock market, right? Like I don't
think it's going to have to be It's not
like anything specific has has to happen
in crypto. I think it'll just be a
correction on the back of the stock
market. And then in that correction,
Bitcoin will then put in the market
cycle bottom.
With that said, I do not think I do not
think it makes sense to wait for that
necessarily to start DCA'ing Bitcoin.
Usually, what I do is I just start
buying Bitcoin in the second half of
midterm years, and you know, just kind
of buy it through, and usually you end
up getting pretty close to the low,
right? So, I think that's the
[clears throat] argument here. The The
goal was just to avoid a lot of the
losses in the first half of the midterm
year with relative to other assets in
the in the space. Or sorry, with other
relative to other asset classes. But,
we've had the midterm year
half of it play out. Bitcoin's
underperformed.
Probably will get a small bounce before
showing a little bit more weakness again
later in the year, and then hopefully
we're back in business
uh
next year. And And if you look at the
ROI from the low
and then as measured from low to low,
you could see we're currently on day
1331.
And the last two cycles bottomed
in about 100 days, right? So, in about 3
months. Um and it that doesn't mean that
it that that the the price has to
necessarily go that much lower, but if
you're if you're thinking about like
when, like time, I would expect sometime
like later this year, like late
September, October. Could be later Q4,
but I don't think it's going to be that
much later. That's what I would guess um
as to how this is going to play out and
and
you know, I think we'll have a little
bit more time to accumulate it at low
prices.
>> Okay. Okay, good to know. And I guess
yeah, in terms of the rally that we're
seeing at the moment, I mean um as I
alluded to earlier, we had that uh jobs
data that came in uh that came in soft.
We have had a bit of a rally in stocks,
but there doesn't seem to be anything
sort of, you know, particularly
fundamental other than that to suggest
that, you know, that that this is a uh a
reversal, is it? I mean,
you know, conditions are still pretty
pretty tough for risk assets.
>> Well, I think I mean, stocks I think are
still fine. I think the issue right now
is that you know, you saw the catalyst
for
the higher rates go away. Like oil has
come back down, but we're still pricing
in rate hikes for whatever reason,
right? So,
you know, I I think that might continue
to be a um a a headwind for for Bitcoin.
But, I think right now they're actually
expected to raise rates in September. Uh
I don't know if that's true, but the
last time I looked, I think the that
will be the when when potentially the
next rate hike would be. I mean, that
might be the perfect sort of narrative
for people to freak out and then for it
to for then Bitcoin to sort of bottom
out fairly shortly after that that rate
hike. So,
yeah, I mean, I think the four-year
cycle remains intact. And you know, if
you look at the at the performance so
far this year and compare it to the
average of prior midterm years, we're it
looks the same, right? Like it really
does look pretty much the same as the
average of prior midterm years. And if
you throw up every single midterm year,
2014, 2018, and 2022, you can see we're
outperforming 2018 and 2022 and
underperforming 2014. So, and by the
way, in 2014, you can see we had a
little bit of a rally around this time,
and then we fell and then put in a low
in in October. So, I think that the
four-year cycle remains intact. And
I know it turn it's kind of a meme for a
lot of people, but the reality is I feel
like it's the best thing we have, you
know? Like I I can't find any other
indicators that have been more helpful
than just assuming that Bitcoin bottoms
and tops in sort of this normal cadence
that we that has become somewhat
predictable. Like I don't control it.
We're just observers of it, right? We're
observing that this is what happens, and
until it stops happening, I will
continue to to speculate that it will
happen.
>> Can Can I just confirm that, Ben? Did
you say you don't control the four-year
cycle?
>> That's true. [laughter] I don't.
>> What? Why do you not
>> way, I mean,
the the [laughter] the four-year cycle
tells you when lows occur. And lows
occur in midterm years, normally. Yes,
in 2015, it technically occurred in
January of 2015 and not the end of 2014,
but I I would say it tells you when it
occurs within a few months, like within
a few months.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
Interesting. And of course, yeah, that
those uh those midterms coming up in
November, they that throws an
interesting um
uh interesting curveball into the mix,
doesn't it? I mean, you do wonder, given
all the all the talk about how Trump has
done very well out of crypto, thank you
very much. That's been you know,
certainly in in the media I recently I
wonder whether
I I whether um a crypto rally sort of
starting just before the midterms would
be seen as sort of good or bad for um
uh for Trump's cause in that case cuz on
you know, on one thing he he wants
markets to pump. You know, any any
incumbent president wants to see markets
pumping into uh into an election, but um
maybe he'd uh maybe he'd prefer it if uh
if there wasn't much talk about crypto
at that time um given how much
>> [laughter]
>> how much he's made from it. Rob, is
there anything anything you want to add
to this one before we before we move on?
>> No, I was just I would just say it's
it's interesting like what what Ben
talked about and he had and he actually
did a video yesterday. I think it was
called the the matrix. We're we're in
the matrix and it's amazing how things
line up just like how you know,
pretty much put there. And then when he
said about the 10x, I I think that's
that's like the bigger thing cuz right
now if you're if you're somebody who
sold and took some profits, you want
these lower prices. You you are really
wanting things to go lower and that's
that even includes Michael Saylor cuz he
sold too. Never forget. So like these
things that are happening right now,
this is the time to actually be excited
about it if you've actually taken
profits. If you haven't, you know, as
time goes on, I think you'll be okay.
But uh I I will just say just to
piggyback one thing if you can throw up
the screen
is uh is as we go through this, people
say this is brutal bear market. It's
really not. And and Ben touched on this
this this a little bit, but if you just
go back four years,
July 2nd, 2022, you know, we were down
71% at this point
as opposed to right now, July 2nd, 2026.
We're only down 50 I I say it like it's
not a big thing, but we're only down 51%
for 71%. So as far as like diminishing
returns, yeah, it's there, but as far as
like volatility going down, it's still
there, but it's not as bad as it was.
And I was through this in 2018.
We're actually all of us were through
this in 2018, 2022, and now 2026. I
think that uh you know, there's there's
there's better chances ahead, but just
realize where you're at. It's not that
bad. And uh and I'll probably go lower.
We'll see.
>> Yeah. Let's see. Let's see. And and of
course we are kind of getting towards
that summer lull as well when markets
tend you know, people tend to switch off
a little bit. Um and markets tend to
sort of chop sideways. So, that I think
is is something worth bearing in mind as
well.
Um I I just have to throw out this
comment here cuz I'm I'm really enjoying
this one. Ben doesn't control the 4-year
cycle, he just enforces it.
>> Yeah, that's true.
Yeah, I don't control I don't control
that odds bleed the Bitcoin, I just
enforce that they do.
>> Yeah.
>> Not Not Not according to the people on
X. The people on X are like, "No, Ben
controls everything and we hate him for
it."
>> [laughter]
>> Um oh Ben, uh speaking of uh speaking of
controversial, um uh there there was
this comment as well. Uh greetings from
Bosnia. It was a red card. So, rather
congratulate you.
>> My only argument is that if it's a red
card for the US, why was it not a red
card for Messi when he basically did the
same thing? That's the only That's the
only argument, right? If if And I mean
the reason I mean the US's biggest
mistake was just that they don't have
Messi because I think if that had been
Messi, it wouldn't have been a red card.
I say this by the way as a big Messi
fan. I I love watching Messi play. Um
but I I just think that they're not it
wasn't a very consistent call, right?
Cuz there's been actually a lot of
tackles like that throughout the whole
World Cup, and they were not red cards.
Um so, if those were not red cards, why
is this a red card? I don't know. I mean
you could argue, "Well, they should
start getting it right at some point."
But it just feels like the US was
unfairly punished. And also like I mean
I know I know that red cards don't
necessarily have to be like intent, I
guess. Like you could you could really
hurt someone in advertently and and it'd
be a red card, but it just it did not
really seem at all like he was
trying to do anything. Like he just kind
of happened to land on the guy's ankle,
which could by the way be a like a
season-ending injury for that player.
So, I do recognize the severity of it. I
just think it it really sucks that it
was called on the US player and then it
wasn't called on on basically any other
players that have done that same type of
tackle in the World Cup.
>> I love it, Ben. We I
mean we could do we could do hours on
the World Cup, I think.
>> Yeah, by the way, by the way, I watched
the England the England match. They I
mean they were I was I was nervous for
England there at the end, but then your
boy Kane came through in the end.
>> Harry Kane, yeah. Yeah, he yeah, we it
was it was in many ways a kind of
classic England performance, I thought.
It was just like yeah, it it would just
looked very ordinary
for the first well, for the first half
at least, but
yeah, we found a way through and now
Mexico in that stadium, which I think is
at altitude, so you know,
small task there.
>> By the way, NFA stands for not football
advice.
>> [laughter]
>> Yes. Yes, okay, that was our that was
our football segment.
Maybe we'll come back to it,
but
>> have a soccer segment later.
>> Well, whatever whatever soccer is. I'm
not I'm not familiar with that term.
But yes, congratulations to
>> You guys you guys invented it, so I'm
surprised you're not familiar with it.
>> [laughter]
>> Okay,
let's move on. I want to talk about the
AI trade.
Because there seems to be a lot of talk
about the open source models coming out
of China that appear to be rapidly
catching up with the frontier labs, you
know, your open AIs, your Claude's, what
have you.
So, Rob, I'm going to throw this one to
you because I know that you are
I know that you are deep into the whole
AI thing. Ben has obviously
harnessed the power of it for his
thumbnails, but Rob, I know you've done
quite a quite a lot with AI. So,
firstly, what are your thoughts on this
on these Chinese models coming through
and have you used them or are you
sticking with your good old good old
made in America ones?
>> Well, I mean
I'll say like
like this
Chinese models scare me.
And you know, people will say, "Oh, just
just throw it in your computer and do
whatever it wants to." But there was
this there was this interview yesterday.
I don't know if you can throw this up.
This is Palantir's CEO
Alex Karp.
And what he said, and I think this is
going to really really factor in to
Anthropic and OpenAI as they go public.
I think that's in Q3. But just listen,
this is about 2 minutes or so, but I
think it's important that people
understand what's really going on with
AI in the background and why Guy brings
this point up as far as like a private
LLM. I think it's it's more important
than I realized. Let me let me play this
and see if there's any echo.
>> Using large language models, they are
it's like a
at this point everyone technical
realizes they're like a critical
resource. To make them valuable in
enterprise like battlefield context or
regulated context or manufacturing, you
have to have what's called an
application layer. We we have a thing
called ontology that now everyone's
copying, but de facto it takes a large
language model, it makes it safe and
useful and precise. So, safe because it
doesn't touch your underlying data, safe
because it prevents the large language
model from caching your data and
replicating your business.
Safe because it doesn't transfer your IP
of how to fight secret data, top secret
data or in a clinical context. So, the
the general way these things were sold
again, these people are I Sam and and
and Dario,
there's nothing more fun than debating
Dario in private. So, this is I'm not
throwing shade at them, but something
has gone completely wrong and the basic
view among enterprises in this country
is I'm going to chillax and waste my
time with tokens. I'm going to get no
value and they're going to get my IP.
>> That sounds like shade.
>> Okay, and not to shade, it sounds like
if you're saying these
>> No, no, no, no, sir. This is reporting.
>> Okay.
>> And this is reporting that I've I've
literally against my own interest called
these are like I'm profiting from this,
right? So, the reality is you may not
like us at my former school Haverford or
Berkeley, but enterprises in this
country trust and love us, especially
ones that are involved in critical
infrastructure both public and private.
>> So, that was that was the big thing.
Essentially, what he's saying is like
and I think Ben brought this up a couple
of months ago where he's talking about
pristine data 2022 before as opposed to
the AI data that's being brought in now.
And the AI data that we have or that is
that is being produced is essentially
these huge corporations which would be
Anthropic and Open AI and they're taking
this data and essentially going, "Oh,
okay, we're going to have we're going to
take all this data that you have from
your your companies and we're going to
essentially put it into our LLM." And
then if you think about it, like what
stops them from producing all these
software as a service or just
eliminating software as a service
because they have all of their IP. So,
when I take a look at this, I'm like,
"Well, that's just big corporations.
What are they doing with my data that's
being out there? And and how fast can
that actually go out?" So, there's been
a lot of people who talk about like you
don't want to do that, especially like
there's things that I don't want
the Open AI and Anthropic to have, but
they have it already because I've been
using Claude so much. I think we all
have. And who knows how much is being
being scavenged in the background.
So, when people talk about this, they're
like, "You know, you should do a private
LLM."
And here's the thing.
With private LLMs, these different ones
that guy just brought up, if you can do
a and you can find this at
artificialanalysis.ai,
the question is like, well, the ones
that are open source, which I don't know
why they don't do open source right now.
I mean, Meta does it. Works out pretty
well for Meta.
Microsoft does open source and Google
does open source. So, why can't they do
it with the open source LLMs?
But, if they do it like this with
intelligence, I mean, look how
as far as like benchmarks, Claude 5 will
5, which was the one that actually broke
in and cracked the um
uh
top secrets uh data from the Department
of Defense. And then it did it it didn't
take days, it took hours. So, that's at
a 60.
GPT-5 is around 55, GLM-52 51, and then
this one, Gemini 3.5 Flash from from
Google, is, you know, at 50. But, the
ones that you can actually have like
this one that guy referenced, this Deep
Seek and stuff like that,
they're not that bad. And you can
actually use them and run them on your
on your computer. Same thing with speed,
you can see it's not as like the
fastest, but it's still pretty fast.
Deep Seek, Mini Max, stuff like that.
And then the cost is the big thing. And
there are people that and he talked
about that about burning through tokens.
Uber burned through their entire
billion-dollar budget in 4 months, and
they had to actually stop in April. So,
these guys are making a ton of money.
They're are taking all this this this
IP, and who knows what they're actually
doing with it. So, like people that are
sitting there watching this, I think it
would be a pretty big thing just to be
on your own private LLM. How hard is
that?
It's a pain in the ass. I got to tell
you. Like like for me, like I did a
a one with um
Open Claw,
and that did not work whatsoever for me.
And I know people like, "Oh, it was
super easy." Well, I'm not a developer,
and I don't don't know CLI, command line
interface, and stuff like that. It's a
pain.
I did this with um uh Hermes on on a
separate one, not so well. I think
there's going to come a time when we're
able to do that, and just with like
using like a like a Mac Mini for like
600 bucks, you can do it.
So,
I can see it, but I'm still using Claude
right now after I'm saying all that, but
I would like to transition to a private
LLM. I think that's the big thing, cuz
you don't have to pay so much, and then
you actually control your data, which I
think is a big thing, especially if
you're in crypto. So.
Yeah, that's how I see it.
>> Yeah, interesting. And I mean, one of
the things I've been thinking about a
lot recently is just how, you know, we
we we really do seem to be in a bit of a
honeymoon phase when it comes to AI use
because of these subsidized tokens. You
know, the the the searches that we're
running, the the the tasks that we're
doing with, say, uh with with Claude or
with um
uh GPT or whatever.
You know, those are those are actually
costing a lot more than we're actually
paying. You You know, even if we're
paying sort of top dollar, even if we're
paying the sort of business
subscription, um the the cost of uh the
cost of those searches, the cost of that
work is is being is being subsidized by
the companies. And something I was I've
been wondering about is what happens
when that comes to an end. What is that
going to look like? Because the
investors in the likes of Anthropic and
Open AI are going to start wanting a
return on that investment before too
long.
And they're going to have to become
profitable given the vast amounts of
money that's been um that's been sunk
into it. So, yeah, I do and and I guess
what I guess the Chinese model has
become particularly relevant there
because if there, you know, if there is
a cheaper way of doing it, if if
Anthropic and um Open AI and and all the
others are sort of forced to jack up
their prices, then um and China can
undercut them, then that then that's
going to be huge, right?
>> Yeah, it's going to be huge and we're
going to see who wins that battle. But
uh again, like I think if you want to
keep America in the forefront, you have
to subsidize.
And uh again, I think they should just
make it an open model and go from there.
>> Yeah.
Enjoy the free tokens while you have
them, folks, [laughter] because I think
we will I think we will look back on
this time in not too in not too long a
period and just go, "Wow, I can't
believe I was just able to, you know,
spend all day on Claude just asking it
to do stuff and research stuff." And it
would just come out with all this, you
know.
I I I I really think we will look back
on that fairly soon and go, "That was
That That Those were the good times, you
know?" Now, you you do it and you just
see your your token bill racking up. Um
and uh you know, of course, um if you if
you're familiar with the doctrine of
enshittification, you know, this idea
that all tech products
uh degrade over time once they've
attracted their users and stuff, you
know, why shouldn't that happen to these
to these LLMs that we uh that we're so
fond of? But, um yeah, food for thought.
Okay. Um
let's move on. I want to talk a bit
about uh what's happening in the macro
space as well. The yen just broke
through a 40-year high. The dollar is
breaking through 16-month highs.
Um so, is there anything that you guys
see that's particularly driving these
moves? And what do you What do you think
it means for for the markets? Ben, can I
go to you on this one?
>> Sure.
Um
I actually have an interesting chart. I
if I had been thinking about it, I would
have found it while you guys were
talking, but I was
>> No, I think you guys were mesmerized.
>> I know that. I know. I was I actually I
was on Twitter looking at at everyone
complaining about the red card. Um
>> [laughter]
>> All right.
>> Good to know Good to know you're present
in the conversation, Ben. I love it.
>> I I I I tweeted out. I I quote tweeted
the This is not football advice. I'm
just promoting the stream.
All right. Let me share my screen.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. So, this is the dollar in Trump's
second term right now.
Right?
And this we just added this to the
website not long ago. And this is the
dollar in his first term.
So, it's basically just doing the same
thing.
Like, and uh this is what I've said. I'm
like, it the dollar begrudgingly will go
higher in the midterm year. Even though
they probably would want it to go lower,
it's probably just going to begrudgingly
go higher. And I don't necessarily know
what the catalyst is or the narrative is
or whatever. I just think the dollar's
going to go higher. And and that'll
probably be a headwind for crypto later
in the year. But then as it as it kind
of starts to top out like later in the
year um where you can see kind of in the
following year it only barely goes
higher that will be the bull case for
for Bitcoin. You know, the short-term
bear case for like the next 3 or 4
months
notwithstanding a countertrend rally in
the short term. Um but it is that the
dollar will simply continue to slowly
climb and and then once we get into next
year the dollar's climb will probably be
mostly over for the most part. And and
that would be like a a bull case. But I
don't I don't really know what the
narratives are going to be to accompany
it. I just think that's the most likely
outcome.
>> Okay.
And of course yeah, there's a lot of
talk about the yen as well, isn't there?
Because um the Bank of Japan's trying to
defend that. And obviously if that's you
know, their rates are now at I think it
is a
14-year 30-year or 40-year high.
>> Yeah.
>> And we've seen this in the
not-too-distant past, haven't we? The
yen carry trade unwound. Was it a couple
of years ago now? And uh that caused a
big dip in risk assets. And we could be
looking at that again if uh if if
Japanese rates rise still further, which
they they very well might.
>> Yeah, they just raised rates actually um
like just like last month, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. It's um yeah, that that is
that I think is a big overhang. I think
that's a big overhang for risk assets in
general. But of course crypto's always
the one that uh that catches it first.
So I think that's something to be uh
something to be wary of.
Okay. Um and one last question for you
guys. I'll I'll go to you first on this
one, Rob, and then Ben. What's one thing
you've completely changed your mind on
this year and why? If anything, of
course.
>> If anything. Uh it's all this
No, not really. I
this the same thing that the the chart
that that we went through if you can
throw it up, is that uh these bear
markets aren't as bad as people think
they are. And it feels a lot better when
you've actually taken some profits off
the table, because now you're like,
"This feels pretty good." So, that's
That'd be one of the things. The second
thing is
dogs are the greatest thing ever.
And this is I This is the for the
Venezuela earthquakes, which were pretty
or awful. I think over 1,000 people have
passed away, but dogs like like people
mis- treat them and they're like the and
and they you know, they put them in
cages, but then when they have to like
save our lives, they're always there.
They're like the greatest thing. And
this is I like cements it. On top of
that, insider information
uh is not so bad, because I hear on good
authority as far as like from
Polymarket, the guy may actually show up
at the ITC conference. Now, we're at 72%
and this is just from some insider
information that I I got. So, those are
the three things that have have changed
my mind. It looks like Guy might
actually be in Miami in November.
>> Interesting. Where where are you getting
this information from, Rob? Or can you
not disclose your sources?
>> It's a source that rhymes with
uh Bic, but you know, who knows? I don't
know.
>> Okay. Interesting. Interesting. Okay.
Okay. That's Well, that There's the
alpha for you, folks.
>> [laughter]
>> If you If you want to If you want to go
to Polymarket. Um
Ben, anything that you've uh changed
your mind on this year at all?
>> Um
you know, I don't I mean, I There There
was a few things I feel like early in
the year. I I think I thought previously
that energy would have stayed a little
bit more elevated at this point, but
with all the geopolitical conflict kind
of
waning a lot, we saw energy come back
down quite a bit. Like oil's trading
back down to like what, $70 or less than
$70 again.
So,
you know, I'm trying to think of some
other things.
Um
I I think in terms of other stuff like,
you know, I think some things will never
change in the in the industry in the
sense that like even even earlier like
earlier this year I was somewhat
confident that like a lot of these meme
coins were just going to completely die
out. And while I still think that's
true, I mean I saw one launch a few days
ago that has gone up a ton and I'm just
like how are we still doing this, you
know? Um so it's kind of a reminder that
the sort of the the gambling addicts are
always going to be there in the industry
and that I don't know man, maybe there's
nothing maybe that that part of the
industry will just simply always be
there
despite my best efforts to get it to not
be.
>> No one can say Ben that you haven't that
you haven't tried.
>> I have tried. I've tried.
>> Sure, they just they just won't listen.
Um
okay, uh let me just let me just see if
there are any particular comments I want
to
I I want to single out. Guy looks like
the BTC price.
>> [laughter]
>> Thanks.
>> A little disheveled but staying strong.
That's what it is.
>> Yeah. Yeah, well, you know, just just
just you come back and say that in years
time.
Uh Ben, we got robbed on that red
there's a lot of there's a lot of red
card stuff Ben. I don't want to
>> We got we did get robbed on it.
And by the way, I will say this in prior
World Cups after that the US would have
completely crumbled. I'm I'm I'm really
excited that they were able to hold on
and even get another goal after that.
>> Yeah. So who are you playing next? Do
you know?
>> Belgium.
We were going to You know what's crazy
is we were I thought we were going to be
playing Senegal next and I actually went
to the US Senegal warm-up match like a
month ago or whatever and Senegal was up
2-0 with like barely any time to play
and then Belgium scores two goals, sends
it into extra time, and then they got a
third goal on a penalty kick. And the
penalty kick occurred in like the last
minute of stoppage time, which that was
also a controversial call as well.
>> There we are. The magic of the magic of
football. Now, actually, while I while
I've got you guys, this is this is a
theory that that is very popular, or has
been very popular in in the UK for a
long time, because we always we've
always sort of been a bit baffled why
most Americans, not you Ben, but most
Americans have never really sort of
embraced football.
And there's a theory that you guys never
could quite get your head around a game
that you could play for 90 minutes and
still have a draw, still have a tie.
Is that
>> [laughter]
>> Is that actually true? Or is cuz I cuz I
know you know, you watch things like
basketball or American football or
whatever, and you know, they're they're
big scoring things, aren't they? You
know, there's it's very I I don't know
if you can tie in basketball or or
American football, but you know, just
that the number of points makes it quite
unlikely. So, is that true? Did you Were
you guys always like, this is nonsense?
Why play something that could finish
with neither team winning?
>> I mean, I never thought that. I was the
I I I think you could have a score of
0-0 and it still be one of the a really
exciting game. Um
I I think it's a fairly low IQ take for
people to be like, oh, you have to have
like a massive run-up in score for it to
be an interesting game. Like, you can
have a really interesting game um with
it being really low scoring. Also, I
will say again that there is more
Americans that probably are interested
There's because the population of the
United States is so high,
the relatively there's a small
percentage of the population of the
states that care about soccer compared
to the overall population, but in terms
of absolute numbers, it's not that
different from some of the European
nations just because we have so many
people over here. Uh I think a lot of
our star athletes just choose to play
other sports. Like they play
American they they play American
football,
um, basketball cuz that's where all the
money is.
Um,
that's a big part of it. There just is
not nearly as much money
and and and I mean look, I like I grew
soccer was my sport growing up. Like
that's what I that's what I played. So
I'm I'm a little biased towards it, but
I do cringe a little bit when I see like
the players like flopping on the field
and stuff.
But we're lying to ourselves if we
pretend like that doesn't ever happen. I
mean it happens in the NBA, too. You
know, we we see flops happen. I don't
think it's as frequent. Uh, but it it
does I mean it happens in a lot of
sports. Uh, maybe it doesn't happen in
hockey that much. Those guys Those guys
are [laughter] pretty tough.
Those guys get checked really hard and
they get back up like nothing happened.
They'll be out there without teeth and
they'll still be going.
>> I was I remember being amazed to learn
that there was actually a game, um,
being played, uh, you know, on the
hockey field. I thought it was just I
thought it was just guys fighting. I I
was quite surprised there's
>> [laughter]
>> actually an object to the game.
Um, uh, Bren is saying that I think, uh,
that's a roundabout way of me saying
that Americans are very stupid. Not
true, Bren. Not true. I'm just, you
know, I was just thinking like I say,
this is a common sort of, uh, thing in
the UK that maybe the fact that
Americans never really embraced football
like they have everything else is cuz,
uh, they just don't like draws. You
know, I think that's a I think that's a
good thing. Um, okay, uh, and uh, there
was another one that I wanted to, uh,
another comment that I wanted to
highlight as well because it is, um, oh,
Tom Tom Crown has, uh, a new rule. If
you're on the ground for more than 10
seconds, you're out for the rest of the
game. This is This is what America can
bring to football, I think.
I like that.
>> I I will say
I will say I I I I don't agree with all
the Americans being like offsides a dumb
rule. Offsides is a smart rule because
if you didn't have it, you would
literally just have the striker camping
out by the goal the whole game. You
know?
>> Yeah.
>> The only The only thing I would maybe
change about it like is I sometimes I
wish that the offside rule like maybe
the player as long as part of their body
is in line with the last defender,
they're still onside. But it's like
they're like it's like their toe could
be ahead of them and it's offside. I
don't Like I I think maybe that could be
a little bit different, but we have to
have offsides as a rule in general cuz
if it if you didn't, you would just have
camping campers on the other side of the
field the whole game.
>> Yeah.
Absolutely. Absolutely. And I'm I'm I'm
here for this comment as well. We need
Ben's live commentary on the game. I
mean, I think you know, if this is This
is the This is the bear market where
where if we're not at the bottom, we're
we're probably quite near it. Maybe we
just switch. There is football
podcasting is is big business. I can
tell you that. Um and I tell you what
else is going to be big business as
well. Um and that's the ITC conference
2026. Ben, before we finish this stream,
can you just remind people when that is
happening, where, why, how?
>> November 20th through the 22nd in Miami.
And um yeah, we're going to try to have
a lot of speakers. We're going to have a
an ITC party. So, that'll be fun. Uh
we're going to do a lot of stuff. And I
basically it's not it's more of like an
investing conference. Bitcoin will be a
major theme, obviously, but it's not
going to just be Treasury companies on
stage like
talking their talk that no one really
cares about and
um yeah, we're going to have hopefully
like very very good discussions.
>> Excellent. And uh Tom um Tom himself is
one of the speakers, right?
>> Yep, Tom will be there.
And speaking.
>> Fantastic.
Fantastic.
All right. Okay, everyone. Well, we have
uh we've gone slightly over the half an
hour that we were going to do. So, uh
Ben and Rob, I'm going to let you go.
Thank you very much, gentlemen. Um
next week uh we will be on Ben's
channel. That's right, if I If I
remember right.
>> Yep. I'm actually away next week. Um so
uh it might be Nick in my stead. Um so
you'll actually get some proper insights
for a change. Um so uh but I will be
back uh soon. So have a good week
everyone. Thank you for watching and see
you soon. Adios.
>> See you guys.
>> Adios.